LFX end of mentorship blogpost (#221)
tremor-rs/tremor-www: blog/2022-07-07-LFX-Blog-Sasha.md

[`scrabsha/plays-with-clickhouse`]: https://github.com/scrabsha/plays-with-clickhouse

I found two Rust crates that could help us send requests to a ClickHouse database: [`clickhouse`] and [`clickhouse-rs`]. `clickhouse` is the first one I considered. I had to discard it because it was focused on concrete Rust types and needed to know *at compile time* what each datatype is composed of. The second crate was a bit more low-level and allowed us to do what we need.

[`clickhouse`]: https://crates.io/crates/clickhouse
[`clickhouse-rs`]: https://crates.io/crates/clickhouse-rs

## Writing a super simple sink

Once I got every ClickHouse detail right, I started playing with the Tremor side. There were multiple connectors already implemented in Tremor. I picked the simplest ones and started copying parts of it and quickly got something working.

> The only challenge I encountered is that Tremor defines its own `Value` type, representing a value whose type is not really known at runtime, and uses it *a lot*. It was a bit disconcerting doing such things in Rust, as I felt I was writing dynamically-typed code in a statically-typed language, but I managed to get through it.

Reviewer: Do you mean known at compile time instead of runtime here?
```suggestion
The only challenge I encountered is that Tremor defines its own `Value` type, representing a value whose type is not really known at compile time, and uses it *a lot*. It was a bit disconcerting doing such things in Rust, as I felt I was writing dynamically-typed code in a statically-typed language, but I managed to get through it.
```
